This is a tool that reads a log minute-by-minute of a day
and a set of rules on how to interpret it, and will create
a monolithic HTML page showing graphs and reports of it
together with query tools.

The format of the files are exactly the same as for the
older log1 tool. On my system that project is checked out
on a directory next to this one and I'm still managing
the files in there, hence the symlinks. Either point them
to where you manage the files or make them into a real
directory and manage them here.

See the README in that project for a description of the
formats. The differences should be inconsequential.
They are listed below :
• this tool ignores the "mode" line in the general
section : it supports only one mode (outputting HTML and
javascript files) and will always use that mode. PNG
output had been deprecated for a long time anyway for
its lack of interactivity.
• the [counters] and [markers] section are not implemented
at this time.
• colors must be colors supported by CSS, not formats
supported by ImageMagick ; these are almost the same
anyway.
• holidays support is not implemented at this time,
though at this point it is considered an urgent task.

The technology is completely different ; this is
Kotlin/JS and it creates one HTML file with a lot of
Kotlin compiled to Javascript, where the old script was
Ruby generating PNG images (originally) then HTML with
Javascript in the template.
The old technology had become unwieldly : the Ruby script
evolved to a much bigger scope than originally thought and
became pretty hard to manage given that at no point was it
necessary to enforce good typing or code separation
practice ; the HTML/CSS template also has become really
complex and Javascript is a crappy language to write code
in. This meant dynamic querying was really hard to achieve,
seeing how it would call for a huge refactor especially of
the HTML and Javascript.
A rewrite in Kotlin solves all of this in one fell swoop,
both by providing a much better language than Javascript,
good static typing, and the rewrite opportunity to create
an architecture that is actually appropriate for the size
of the tool.

Unfortunately there still is some preprocessing involved,
because someone decided that reading file:// files from
a file:// html was a security risk, unless it's Javascript,
in which case it's obviously fine 🤪
(note I'm not saying there is no risk ; obviously sending
someone an HTML file that could read anywhere might be bad.
Just that... it being Javascript is a pitiful mitigation
especially in this all-JSON era, and also this is useful
enough that there ought to be *some* way like there is for
just anything that's half this useful).
I'm not going to manually write something like
`const data = """` at the top and `""";` at the bottom of
my data files and call them `.js`, since that would make
them pretty annoying to write. So there is a preprocessing
step to convert, written in Ruby. I do not think that today
there is any way to solve this aside from making your
manually written data files valid javascript, having some
preprocessing step, or demanding to run in a web server
(hey if you think that's what I should do anyway genius,
how do you propose I send a zip to someone to view on
their phone ? I'm not going to pay for a public server
to host this.)
Maybe someday the browsers can get their security story
straight and this step can be removed. For the time being,
though pretty aggravating this is, the Ruby script has to
be run every time the data is changed, and the gradle build
file for the Ruby step contains the list of files to
process (in particular because at the end of the day,
parsing thousands of lines in Javascript takes a fair
amount of time, so inputting 5 years of data into the page
will still take many seconds to parse on my computer). This
step can be executed easily in an IDE, or on the command
line from the src directory :
./gradlew make
...

Well seeing how this preprocessing step can't be removed
anyway (or at any rate, how alternatives are even worse),
the preprocessing will not just put the minimal header
and footer to make the data files valid Javascript. Maybe
this is what I should have done but Ruby is still much
better and faster than either Javascript or Kotlin to
manipulate strings so the Ruby script will take the source
data files and output one single data source, a valid
Javascript file with a single string, unifying timestamps
and putting one activity a line :
"YYYY-MM-DD:HHmm:YYYY-MM-DD:HHmm <activity>\n". 
That means it doesn't do a lot of work really, but one of
the things it does is the essential task of determining
when a task ends. Normally this is on the next line of
the data file, but things are more complex at the end/start
of a day and at the end/start of a data file. The Ruby
script contains this intelligence.
It also will exception out if one of the data files is not
well ordered.
All of this should maybe be rewritten in Kotlin some day,
or at least it will have to if the preprocessing is to be
removed but the security story of file:// has to be fixed
first and I don't control that.

The preprocessing however does not try to match activities
and classify them (in particular, this has to be redone
when dynamic queries change, so it has to be done in
Kotlin/JS anyway). It just outputs the raw data in an
easier to digest and ""security""-compliant way.

